[Music]
bridges they get you from here to there
people learn to build bridge as many
centuries ago
at first they were questionable
constructions made of stones wood and
even tree roots but nowadays bridges
have turned into magnificent structures
able to withstand huge strength made of
steel cement cable and even glass
some of them stretch for miles over
mountains lakes and rivers and still
some bridges are so bizarre and scary
that not everyone would dare to step on
them I don't like Heights myself so let
me just hold on to something steady and
let's get started number one chesapeake
bay bridge maryland this bridge which
connects the eastern and western shores
of maryland has been called the scariest
bridge in america at first sight it's
hard to understand why this beautiful
design has such an unflattering
reputation and you will keep wondering
until you reach the 4.3 mile long bridge
and start driving over it the
construction looms 186 feet above the
water surface and they say that when the
weather is bad you can't see the shore
from the middle of the bridge all things
combined it creates an eerie feeling of
being suspended in some kind of
nerve-wracking limbo but there's no need
to panic you can pay 30 bucks and a
special transfer service will drive your
car to the other side of the bridge for
you number 2 langkawi sky bridge
malaysia
at 410 feet long this is the longest
curved suspension bridge in the world
the deck of sky bridge is 2,000 170 feet
above sea level among the mountain peaks
and boy that's a sight to behold the
most amazing thing about this bridge
though is that in the middle one section
of the floor is replaced with glass so
you can see the trees far below
besides the bridge which hangs at the
height of about 330 feet above the
ground is suspended from a single 270
foot tall pylon
and is kept in place by only eight
cables oh boy not for me number three
Royal Gorge Bridge Colorado this bridge
held the title of the world's highest
from 1929 when it was completed till
2001 when lenguaje bridge in China
surpassed it by 19 feet but even now
it's still the highest bridge in the US
and no wonder after all it's nearly
1,000 feet above the raging waters of
the Arkansas River cars can travel
across Royal Gorge Bridge during its
opening hours but trucks and buses
aren't allowed to use it as for
pedestrians everyone can enjoy a walk
across this steel construction covered
with 1292 wooden planks and if the
breathtaking height of the bridge isn't
thrilling enough you can always try
bungee jumping no thanks after you
number four Meo viaduct france the
tallest bridge in the world seems to be
floating over the river tarns Gorge
Valley in southern France the total
length of this bridge is over eight
thousand feet and its maximum height is
a Monstress 1125 feet above the ground
this almost 445 million dollar project
still remains one of the most impressive
engineering achievements of all times
the highest point of the bridge is 62
feet taller than the Eiffel Tower that's
why when it's foggy drivers have the
distinct feeling of driving over the
clouds by the way recently the speed
limit on the bridge has been reduced
from 81 to 68 miles per hour
too many travellers were slowing down on
me Oh viaduct to take pictures number
five who bind bridge Myanmar this is one
of the longest and oldest teakwood foot
bridges in the world besides is probably
one of the most photographed as well
there's a lot of history behind Obon
bridge it was built around 1850 from the
wood taken from the former royal palace
at nearly 4,000 feet long the bridge
curves over the surface of talk saman
lake and is especially popular in July
in August when the water level in the
lake is at its highest unfortunately
nowadays the 1086 pillars of the bridge
have grown pretty old and started to
decay even more some of them have
already detached from the bases and
remain in place only thanks to the bars
which hold the pillars together hmm
sounds precarious I believe I'll pass
would you risk walking over this unique
bridge sound off in the comments below
number six on Yahoo glass bridge China
if you're a fan of nail-biting
entertainment you should add this bridge
to your bucket list the world's longest
glass bridge open in 2017 hangs over a
picturesque canyon in the high-bay
province of China about 1,600 feet long
and more than 700 feet high the bridge
is paved with 1077 glass panels yep it
means at the bottom of the bridge is
transparent and you can easily imagine
that you're walking on air oh goody the
bridge even has intriguing special
effects picture this you're walking at
the height of a 66 storey building when
the bridge starts to sway well it's all
thanks to the suspension cables which
make the construction move to entertain
tourists hmm my advice bring a diaper
number 7 walk of faith Tian man Mountain
China
I feel busy just looking at this glass
bridge hanging from the side of a cliff
almost 5000 feet above the ground the
walkway isn't particularly long only 200
feet but the view that is waiting is
breathtaking everyone using the pathway
has to wear special anti slip shoe
covers surprisingly their main purpose
is to keep the glass clean not to
prevent you from you know slipping
so if you have nerves of steel this
adventure is exactly what you need if
not luckily tinman Mountain National
Forest Park is often covered with a
thick layer of fog which effectively
masks the abyss beneath your feet number
eight
Ashima ohashi bridge this is the largest
rigid frame bridge in Japan even though
it looks more like a twisted roller
coaster for drivers the structure has
incredibly steep inclines on both sides
and at first sight you may doubt that a
regular car is able to climb the thing
the reason for building such as steep
construction is to allow big ships and
boats to pass underneath it's almost 145
feet high and about one mile long
imagine driving over this bridge during
a rainstorm and you'll have driver
nightmares for years
number nine store size should not bridge
Norway the locals call this construction
the drunk bridge and you can probably
see why its length is only 850 feet but
the curve of the bridge that protrudes
over the Norwegian Sea plays a funny
visual trick on motorists when you're
approaching the structure it seems that
the bridge leads to nowhere however it's
just an optical illusion created by the
span of the bridge on the other hand
that construction can be hazardous in
nasty weather and that is not a joke
number 10 seven mile bridge in the
Florida Keys USA interestingly there are
not one but two bridges in that location
the modern version of the seven mile
bridge was completed in 1982 and its
construction cost was about forty five
million dollars when the 6.7 mile long
bridge was finished it was among the
world's longest bridges but alongside
the new one there's another much older
bridge its construction was finished in
1912 and the bridge operated until 1935
when Labor Day hurricanes severely
damaged it nowadays only cyclists and
pedestrians can use it
so what's the most impressive bridge
you've ever visited I think an honorable
mention should go to the Capilano
Suspension Bridge in the City of
Vancouver BC it spans 450 feet over a
canyon is 230 feet high and sways in the
wind no I won't go on that one either
so sound off about your choice in the
comments below remember to give this
video a thumbs up and share it with your
friends and don't forget to hit that
subscribe button to move to the bright
side of life